Easy
1) Summer Camp
Process:

People: Abigail, Oliver, Rosa, and Blake

So assuming that
cook, kayak, rock climb, and zip-line are in a dictionary or hashmap
for example
cook : ground
rock climbing :ground, harness, heights
kayak: water
zipline: harness, heights

so given that we go through a for loop

for ( people ) {
    checking the people requirements and comparing it
}


Since abigial dosnt like rock climbing it will be all: Cook, Kayak, Zip line
since oliver is afraid of heights zip lines and  rock climbing since they are up high and it will be cook and kayak
since rosa cant do activities without a harness zipline and rock climbing has harnesses
since Blake  likes to keep his feet on the ground we can consider rock climbing as ground and cooking as standing on the ground, and since zipline is in the air and kayak in the boat in the water
Abigail - Cook, Kayak, Zip line
Oliver - Cook kayak
Rosa - Rock climbing, zip lines
Blake - rock climbing, cooking



2)The Good Life
Process:
Pepper playing catch or burying a chew toy

Ginger Saber and Bear is not walking
nutmeg is going for a walk since Pepper is playing catch or burying a chew toy

One of the dogs named after a spice is getting its ears scratched.
so ginger is getting its ears scratched since Pepper and nutmeg are doing something.

A dog not named for a spice is playing catch
so saber or bear is playing catch

Bear is getting some exercise.
so bear is playing catch and saber is probably sleeping since bear is the one getting exercise and not name as a spice.


Answer:
Pepper playing catch or burying a chew toy
Nutmeg is walking
Ginger is getting its ears scratched
Bear is playing catch
Saber is probably sleeping

3)The Long and the Short of It
Process:
people: Leisha, Benito, Delia, Charlotte, Weldon, and Zina

Weldon is taller than Delia but shorter than Zina.

Zina > Weldon > Delia

Leisha is taller than Benito but shorter than Delia and Weldon.

Zina > Weldon > Delia> Leisha > Benito

Benito is not the shortest.

Zina > Weldon > Delia> Leisha > Benito > Charlotte

Answer:
tallest to shortest
Zina > Weldon > Delia> Leisha > Benito > Charlotte

Medium:

1) Dads and Grads
Process:
People: Michael, Ken, James, Alberto, Elias, and Stephanie

Stephanie went to the senior prom with Michael’s son.
So Stephanie is a kid and Michael is  a Dad

Elias and James played on the school’s baseball team. One of them is Alberto’s son.

Elias and James are kids and Alberto is a Dad

Michael and Elias are not related.
make Elias Alberto's son and James Michael's kid
and makes Ken the last Dad.

Answer:
Dads with there kids underneath
Dads: Ken, Michael, Alberto
Kids: Stephanie, James, Elias

2) Party at Charlie's
And this one is a good logic puzzle for adults. You’ve been invited to a party at Charlie’s house, but you’ve never been there.
He has seven friends who live nearby. They’ve given you a map showing all of their houses and Charlie’s house, along with the following information:
Process:
Daniel: I can’t see Benita’s house, because Greta’s house is in the way.
D G B



Adam: I live directly (not diagonally) across the street from Daniel.
D G B
A

Benita: Elena lives due west of me.
E B
  G
  D
  A

Elena: I have to cross three streets to walk to Franco’s house.
E B
  G
  D
F A

Hal: I live east of Benita.
E B H
  G
  D
F A

Answer:
i don't know not where Charlie lives. cause of I dont know

Hard
1) Pass the Salt, Please
A. This is salt
B. This is salt
C. This is Sugar
D. The salt in not in B
So B and C are sugar told to us
and A is confirm to be salt so D is sugar

Answer
A is the only one that is salt.
All three babies are boys.

2) New Parents
Process:
Their names are six letters long and anagrams of one another.
so same letter in the words
Their names include both of their parents’ initials, but none of the other letters in their parents’ first names.
RL but no u b y e w i s

Arnold, Roland and Ronald